v0.13.0 release (#91)
nerves-hub/nerves_hub_link: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.13.0] - 2020-10-01

> ### Potentially Breaking
> * Added
>   * Now uses [Slipstream](https://github.com/NFIBrokerage/slipstream)
>     as the websocket client for communication with NervesHub web. There should
>     be no change to the API but rather the internals of how they work, including
>     the removal of `PhoenixClient` and subsequent supporting code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Potentially Breaking

* Added
  * Switch the websocket client to the [Slipstream](https://github.com/NFIBrokerage/slipstream)
    library for communication with NervesHub. There are no API changes. This should only be
    a change to the internals, but you may notice timing differences especially around retries. 
```
